How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    -   The differences helped me in finding the bugs more accurately. It shows 
        lines where changes occurs, therefore I don't have to look all lines; 
        just those lines which diff exposes it to you.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    -   I can go back to the previous workable version of the file in case I had
        made a mistake and couldn't find where was the issue.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    -   With manually commiting you have control when logical part of the work is done. 
        With automatically commiting you don't have that control and it can commit 
        changes in the middle of the non-logical part of teh work.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    -   In Git, several files might be interconnected and dependant on each other, 
        while in Google Docs, such relationship doesn't make much sense, since most
        files don't interact with others (except, for example, some spreadsheets).

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    -   I can use git log to get a full log of commits, then scroll to find those 
        that I want to compare, and press q to stop the log. Then, I can use git 
        diff to find the differences between both.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    -   Knowing that it is relatively easy to revert to previous versions of the 
        project, one can have greater confidence without fearing of breaking the 
        entire project completely – that is, not able to revert back to an earlier 
        working version.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    -   I will use git for any group project, and possibly even some solo projects 
        at this point with how easy it makes the life of a programmer.